Prerequisites:
Create a new user for each group
BANKING ACCOUNTS Requirements:
CHECKING ACCOUNT

User Story #1:
As a user, I want to be able to view all details in my account home page.
Functionalities:
Display message “Welcome (First_name) on the right top header.
Display a panel with account information:
Home title
BANKING ACCOUNTS title: with the following items: Checking, Saving, Transactions
CREDIT ACCOUNTS title: with the following items: Digital Credit
TRANSFERS / PAYMENTS title: with the following items: Transfer
3RD PARTY TRANSFERS title: with the following items: VISA Direct


User Story #2:
As a User, I want to have the ability to create a new Checking bank account so that my payment can be processed from my preferred account.
Functionalities:

Display Checking field under BANKING ACCOUNTS section, clicking on ‘Checking’ dropdown should be displayed with following options: View Checking, New Checking
Clicking on ‘New Checking’ option, should redirect user to “http://dbankdemo.com/account/checking-add” (Note: Click on ‘New Checking’ and try to open it in new tab)
Display a header “New Checking Account”
Display a label “Select Checking Account Type” with the following radio button options: Standard Checking, Interest Checking
All Radio buttons should be unchecked by default
Display a label “Select Account Ownership” with the following radio button options: Individual, Joint
All Radio buttons should be unchecked by default
Display an Input filed “Account Name”.
Accepts alphanumeric and special characters.
Display an Input filed “Initial Deposit Amount”
Minimum opening deposit is $25.00. Accepts numeric whole or decimal values.
Display ‘Submit’ button, clicking on it should successfully create an account and user will be redirected to page to view checking account.
Display ‘Reset’ button, clicking on it should reset all filled values to default state.

Logic:
If any of the following conditions are triggered, it should throw an Error Msg.
Rule 1: Unselected Account Type: Logic: Account Type options are not selected. Error Msg: “Please select one of these options.”
Rule 2: Unselected Account Ownership: Logic: Account Ownership options are not selected. Error Msg: “Please select one of these options.”
Rule 3: Empty Account Name: Logic: Clicking submit button with an empty Account Name. Error Msg: “Please fill out this field.”
Rule 4: Empty Initial Deposit Amount: Logic: Clicking submit button with an empty Initial Deposit Amount. Error Msg: “Please fill out this field.”
Rule 5: Invalid Initial Deposit Amount: Logic: Clicking submit button with an invalid Initial Deposit Amount. Error Msg: “Please match the requested format.”
Rule 6: Minimum Initial Deposit Amount: Logic: Clicking submit button with Initial Deposit Amount less than a minimum amount. Error Msg: “The initial deposit ($enteredAmount)
entered does not meet the minimum amount ($25.00) required. Please enter a valid deposit amount.”